Okay.
Yes.
Yes, just different themes and colors.
And I wouldn't of...
I don't think I would have ever made those connections had I not asked God to sit and watch that show with me.
And so, not only because I love ninjas, right? I am
like this fascinated with ninjas, but then to see these different themes.
And they really loved it. Like I, I even like waterfalls.
I even bought the manga for Waterfall, so I'm reading it, yes.
But... because of that.
It really got me wanting help when I like something.
I want to research the actors, the locations, all that stuff.
because I love history and I think so
So I was researching it and I came
across, there were two YouTube channels that I watched to learn about Japanese culture.
one of them are, Let's, Let's Ask Shogo.
And. Have you heard of him before?
So he is based out of Kyoto, but he lives in Michigan for like six years.
I think it was like from 6 to 12, he lived in the US in Michigan. And...
So he talks a lot about...
different cultural themes, in Kyoto or in general which I love.
I want to learn about the tea ceremony. I want to learn about...
He talks about the idols, he talks about like...
Rules how to eat sushi how to eat ramen what not to do like so many different things.
And then there's another one called the Japanese reporter.
or Japan reporter and this guy kind of takes like,
A look at the...
More darker or controversial side of Japan.
Yeah, like he'll pick topics that you're like.
It kind of reminds me of this YouTube channel called Soft White Underbelly.
I don't know if you heard of him. But he um
And he did an interview with the Marine.
And I just, my heart went out for them.
I was like, I want to help them.
so bad and
I was just like telling my family, I want to go to Japan. I think God is calling me there like
you just like anime that's why you read what you want
I was like okay, so I'll keep praying.
And then he came out with another video right after...
And I try looking for myself ideally. But it showed this guy who married an anime character
Have you seen, have you seen a video, so was like  he's an actual doll.
and he takes the doll with him to the restaurant and
talks to it, and I'm just like, I I didn't think like
this guy is a pervert. I didn't think that. I just thought what happened in his life?
That... Yeah, that made him...
disconnect from reality and made him feel like this was his only option.
So he goes in the video and he talks about like how he was rejected by three women.
And I was like...
Here...
That happens all the time, right? but
Then I started to notice the differences in Japanese culture. Right? So, like
If...
If
we don't get into a college or we get fired from a job.
or
We don't get a job that we want. It sucks, but it's not a big deal.
Over there, it's enough to like force them to...
Not around, um
if they're getting bullied and I, my heart just went out for them.
And so, I...  that's when I want to go.
I want to go to Japan so I can, because to me the only...
the only thing that
can steal whatever hurt they have and to restore that confidence
in. Is Jesus to restore that confidence in him and to heal their hurt.
And because it's not like...
A lot of people don't know. It's not like here, there's a church every corner.
There's, you know, so many resources. They don't have that in Japan.
So I just really felt like the calling to go and I want to serve there,
hikikomori families.
Oh, that's- Naruto is very special to me. It's not just an anime, it like changed my whole life.
Yup.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yup.
It doesn't hit. It doesn't hit the same.
That's what I think it's like such a
such a dangerous coz
When we're tired, if we're not feeling good, like emotionally.
and we're isolated, Oh man Satan was heard...